Improve action-management open api specification (#4741)
wso2/docs-is: en/includes/guides/customize/actions/understanding-actions.md

</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>actionType</td>

> <td><p>Indicates the execution point within the {{product_name}} runtime where your external service is invoked. Refer to <a href="#explore-action-types">Explore Action Types</a> for a list of supported triggers.</p></td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<td><p>Indicates the execution point within the {{product_name}} runtime where your external service is called. Refer to <a href="#explore-action-types">Explore Action Types</a> for a list of supported trigger points.</p></td>
```
